That kind of the opposite of the rest.
Operator Is the spread operator.
Actually it looks exactly the same but you use it in different places.
Where do you use it.
Let me show you all.
First create a variable wearable numberous which is again array of numbers.
But this time I want to get the maximum.
Now I was already mentioning that you already have the max function on the Moff object.
But if you try to pass numbers here what do you think will get hit run.
Not a number because this Max method here actually expect to get a list all arguments a list of numbers
and not an array.
Now that's bad because we only have an array.
And in the past you would have to manually split it up somehow and make sure that you make a list of
arguments out of that.
Now with the spread operator I add by free thoughts again and remember the difference before we had
in our own function in the argument list.
Now we have it in a function call in the well list where we pass parameters to the function so the exact
opposite place.
Now here with the free dots if I now which run it works and why does it work well let's have a look
what happens behind the scenes.
If I print out numbers with the spread operator in front of them and I had run we see that it's actually
kind of loops through to say array and prints all these numbers so it takes the array and splits it
up into individual values.
Tell us what the spread operator does and therefore it's the opposite of the rest.
Operator which takes a list of values and creates an array off it.
So rest and spread look exactly the same that differ by the place where you used them.
Rest is use if you write your own function in the list of arguments or function expects and spread is
used in your rubrum code to basically split up an array into a list of values.